The Panasonic Leica DG Summilux 9mm ASPH is a fast ultra-wide-angle prime lens for Micro Four Thirds system mirrorless cameras.
The Panasonic 9mm provides a focal length which exactly matches that of an 18mm optic in a 35mm full-frame system, making it a very wide-angle prime lens that's suitable for landscapes, cityscapes, and close-up scenes.
It has an optical formula comprised of 12 lens elements in 9 groups including two aspherical lenses, two ED (Extra-Low Dispersion) lenses and one UHR (Ultra High Refractive Index) lens to minimize aberrations and ensure superb resolution.
Key features include a dust, splash, and freeze-resistant design that can withstand harsh conditions even at -10 degrees Celsius, a minimum focusing distance and maximum magnification, and an iris diaphragm with seven rounded blades.

The Olympus Zuiko Digital ED 45mm Pro is a new compact, lightweight and weather-sealed professional standard zoom lens for the Micro Four Thirds system.
Featuring a 35mm equivalent focal range of 90mm, the Olympus Zuiko Digital ED 45mm Pro offers a constant maximum aperture throughout its zoom range, fast and quiet auto focusing, and an optical formula comprised of 12 elements arranged in 9 groups, including an aspherical and a dual-super aspherical element.
Other highlights include a minimum focusing distance of 12cm and a maximum magnification and Olympus' ZERO (Zuiko Extra-low Reflection Optical) coating to control aberrations, ghosting and flare.
The Olympus Zuiko Digital ED 45mm Pro is a weather sealed lens with a dedicated Micro Four Thirds mount that is made of metal, with a rubber seal around the mount. Communication between lens and camera body is provided through eleven electrical contacts.

The OM System Zuiko Digital ED 150mm Pro is a compact, lightweight and weather-sealed telephoto zoom lens for the Micro Four Thirds system.
Featuring a 35mm equivalent focal range of 300mm, the OM System Zuiko Digital ED 150mm Pro offers a constant maximum aperture throughout its zoom range, plus fast and quiet auto focusing.
It has an optical formula comprised of 19 elements arranged in 9 groups, including two aspherical, two ED, one Super ED and one HR elements.
Other highlights include a minimum focusing distance of 70cm and a maximum magnification, with a ZERO (Zuiko Extra-low Reflection Optical) coating to control aberrations, ghosting and flare and a Fluorine coating to protect against dust, water droplets, grease, and dirt.